in the canyon patience has paid off for
Justine the Gibbons have at last come
close enough to be filmed suddenly they
all started calling but they can't
started calling right here who was next
to me
incredible that they're safe but yeah
they've come so close I never expected
that
they can travel through the canopy as
fast as birds can fly that would be a
great thing to experience and also be
able to hang on one arm for about 15
minutes while seating that would be
coordinate Justine has discovered that
there's a healthy population of Gibbons
in this remote Canyon it's a major boost
to ensuring its conservation that
evening the team look at Justine's
pictures it's been a successful week
with over 20 species captured on camera
including the tarsier and the Gibbons
and many more recorded only the clouded
leopard has eluded them so far